Checking your travel pack for the final time you step into line.  Showing your pass to the flight attendant she gestures you ahead.  The plane is a twin engine C-1 Trader and the cabin air is fresh.  
Within twenty minutes after takeoff, the sun disapears under the horizon.  Foggy air blankets the treeline during your descent.


LOUDSPEAKERS: "**Red Alert Red Alert - Containment has been breached**"
Silent alarms flash in the hangar and emergency power is keeping the essentials online.
Jibify: How many will it take? Those things keep coming.  Why the hell havent we been able to seal those tunnel doors?? 
Boris - Those.. Beasts.. They've chewed through EVERYTHING so far.
Dr. Usuala: Rapid mutations allow spawn to adapt whats neccessary for a given task.  Soulja comes forward, stepping away from the hangar overwatch view port. 
Soulja:  Why they would allow such power with no restraint? Spoken in Kenyan accent
Dr Usuala:  The fail-safes..  something got through them

Some more tinkering, and the radio crackles "::--its a conspiracy, this is the new world orders method of destroying your liberties.  
Proof? We have drone footage of agents overseeing, and working with the insectoids--::" right as Dr Usuala swivels down the volume. 
Usuala speaks, "I conclude you've gotten this transciever up and running?"  Soulja nods.  "Good.  Now get that weapons bench working before sunrise."




Insectoid_Descent is a top-down pixel art wave defense game. Insectoid containment has been breached, and chaotic replication has occurred.  
The containment tunnel entrances are about to burst, defend your base against progressively growing waves of insectoid specimens, 
while figuring out a way to escape by rebuilding equipment via salvaging scrap metal around the area.


Insectoid Descent:  You must defend your hideout against progressively growing waves of genetically modified insectoid abominations while figuring out a way to escape the madness.


Future voice lines

Dr Usuala - The insectoids are replicating out of control, there isnt much time.  You have around 5 minutes currently, keep the power functional until then. 
Dr Usuala - Thats the generator.  If it gets damaged too badly, all the non-essential systems will be shut down.  Security measures supply their own energy, but wont be able to repair
Dr.  Usuala  - Make sure to have stimpaks on hand at all times.  If you get overwhelmed you wont be able to sustain damage for very long without them. 
Boris - Go drop some lead into those slimy bastards!
Boris - Don't be scared, not until you run outta shells
Boris - You better fix the Agitator up real good, dont want it getting stained
Boris   -  Go loot the fallen for more ammo, need every bullet you can carry
Boris - Press G to command the Turret Mechanoid.  The AI will fire the shots





